---
layout: post
title: "Iron Man 3"
date: 2013-05-23 00:00:00
category: Movies
imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1300854/
---

Iron Man 3: A-

A few weeks ago, I saw the movie, "Iron Man 3". I was expected this to be pretty bad, considering what they did to the famed villan, The Mandarin. I understand why they did it. It was possibly related to the fact that the Mandarin in the movie would possibly be racially biased against the Chinese. However, in my opinion, this will be one of the three or four best summer action movies this year. This movie is about Tony Stark/Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.) and his quest to find and kill the terrorist known as the Mandarin (Ben Kingsley). Stark realizes that he must do this due to the allies of the Mandarin nearly killing one of his friends and completely destroying his mansion and all of his Iron Man suits. He also does this wanting to keep his now girlfriend Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) safe from anymore harm the Mandarin may inflict. Robert Downey Jr. returns as Tony Stark/Iron Man. I think, as always in these Iron Man movies, that he did a wonderful jobs. He also said multiple funny remarks throughout the whole movie, providing much comedic relief. The villan in this one is the Mandarin, played by Sir Ben Kingsley. I thought Ben did a great job, considering what his character really ends up being later in the movie. Gwyneth Paltrow returns as Pepper Potts. I think she did a pretty good job, considering the major role her character played towards the end of the movie. Don Cheadle once again returns as now the Iron Patriot/Colonel James Rhodes. I think Don Cheadle did a great job too. The last character I should mention is Aldrich Killian played by Guy Pierce. His role does not become important, until the middle to end of the movie. I thought he did a wonderful job, considering the character he ends up becoming.

Overall, I would say this movie was great! However, the only thing I did not like was what they did to the Mandarin character. I would recommend this movie to anyone, even if you are not that big of a fan of action movies, Iron Man movies, comic books or violence. I would definitely recommend to see it in theaters (3D not recommended, unless you like that sort of thing) and definitely buy it on DVD or Blu-Ray when it comes out.
