---
layout: post
title: "The Internship"
date: 2013-06-22 00:00:00
category: Movies
imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2234155/
---

The Internship: C+

A couple of weeks ago, I saw the movie, "The Internship". I expected this movie to be great and very funny, considering Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson have great on-screen chemistry, however, I left the theater pretty disappointed. According to imdb.com, this movie is about, "Two salesmen whose careers have been torpedoed by the digital age, finding their way into a coveted internship at Google, where they must compete with a group of young, tech-savvy geniuses for a shot at employment." Vince Vaughn plays Billy McMahon, a former watch salesman, along with his partner Nick Campbell played by Owen Wilson, who want to work at Google, but must take part in an internship to deem themselves worthy of joining Google. I think Vince Vaughn did a good job, along with Owen Wilson. As in every movie they are in together, they had great on-screen chemistry and had quite a few very funny lines. Rose Byrne plays Dana, a current employee of Google, who serves as a love interest of Nick Campbell. I thought she did a pretty good job, adding a couple of witty lines to the movie and doing a pretty good job acting like a professional actress as well. Aasif Mandvi plays Mr. Chetty, the manager of the group of Google interns. I have only seen him in one or two movies before, but I thought he was very funny in most parts and did a pretty good job. Max Minghella plays Graham Hawtrey, the antagonist of a group of interns, including Billy and Nick. I have seen him in only a couple of movies before, but I thought he did a good job. He plays a good antagonist. Josh Gad plays "Headphones" (That was not his character's name; nobody knew his real name), a guy wearing headphones, who turns out to be the head of Google Search. I thought, as always, his performance was hilarious, even though he was only in about 15 minutes of the whole movie. In my opinion, I think he is an awesome comedic actor. Rob Riggle plays Randy, the brief boss of Billy (Billy briefly leaves the team of interns, which includes Nick due to him failing a project which caused the whole team to fail the project, but returns with persuasion from Nick). Also as always, he had a lot of really funny lines and did a great job with those lines.

Overall, I thought this movie was really funny, but had too much drama and serious parts to it. The reason why I did not give this movie a lower grade was because of how funny the movie really was. I would recommend that this movie does not need to be seen in theaters and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good laugh.
