---
layout: post
title: "Oblivion"
date: 2013-05-20 00:00:00
category: Movies
imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1483013/
---

Oblivion: C+

Over a month ago, I saw the movie, "Oblivion". I was expecting the movie to be good, but I was pretty disappointed with it. From imdb.com, this movie is about: "A veteran assigned to extract Earth's remaining resources begins to question what he knows about his mission and himself". This was basically a futuristic, apocalyptic movie that stars: Tom Cruise, Morgan Freeman, Olga Kurylenko, Andrea Riseborough, and Melissa Leo. Tom Cruise plays Jack Harper. Jack has had his memories wiped and is given the task to repair the drones on earth. I was never the biggest Tom Cruise fan, but I thought he did a good job in this role. Morgan Freeman plays Beech, the leader of a group of humans set on destroying the drones. I thought, as always, he did a great job. Freeman is always so locked in all of his roles.  Olga Kurylenko plays Julia. I thought she did a pretty good job, although she was strange in a few parts with the expressions on her face. Andrea Riseborough plays Victoria, who is professional partners with Jack. She works to help Jack find the drones. I have never seen Andrea Riseborough in a movie before, but I thought she did a pretty good job, considering the character she played. And Melissa Leo plays Sally, a computer programmed person who tells Jack and Victoria what to do and where to find each drone. Leo's role was very short and not that good. Every other movie she is in, she does a great job and is in each other movie throughout the whole movie. I think that Melissa Leo was underutilized, considering the actress she is.

Overall, I did not really enjoy this movie at all. The only thing I thought was cool was all the futuristic equipment they showed in the movie. I understand why some people would like this movie more than me, but I just did not really enjoy it. In my opinion, I would have enjoyed this movie more if it did not have Tom Cruise in it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes Tom Cruise and anyone who is a computer whiz or a genuine nerd. Seeing it in theatres is not worth it. I recommend buying it or renting it when it comes out.
