---
layout: post
title: "Gone Girl"
date: 2014-10-18 00:00:00
category: Movies
imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2267998/
---

Gone Girl: A+

Last week, I saw the movie, "Gone Girl". I was expecting this movie to be awesome and have insane twists and turns throughout, and it certainly met my expectations. According to imdb.com, this movie is about: "With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent." Ben Affleck plays the title role as Nick Dunne, a man whose wife one day disappears. I think he did a wonderful job acting in this movie. I am also a big Ben Affleck, which could have also factored into that decision, but I digress.

**NOTE:** I do not want to spoil this for anyone going to see the film, so I will be brief and non-descriptive about her role.

Rosamund Pike plays the role of Amy Dunne, Nick's wife who disappears. I think she did the best job out of all the other actors in this movie. In my opinion, I think she should be at least nominated at the Academy Awards for the brilliant job she did acting in this film. Carrie Coon plays the role of Margo Dunne, Nick's sister in the film. She is an unknown actress to me, but I think she did a pretty good job. Neil Patrick Harris plays the role of Desi Collings, Amy's ex-boyfriend. I am a huge Neil Patrick Harris fan, so this may be biased, but I think he did a great job. Tyler Perry plays the role of Tanner Bolt, Nick's lawyer in the movie. Tyler Perry is mostly known for his comedy roles, but in this Drama movie he played his dramatic role very well too. He even provided parts of scenes with comedic relief.

Overall, I thought this movie was brilliant, and I very highly recommend it to anyone, especially to those who likes edge-of-your-seat type thriller movies. I recommend seeing it in theaters though, if you get the chance.
